[Music]
well hi tell me this where do you have
the most absurd things getting the most
logical explanations that's right in
brain teasers I challenge you to give
answers to all the riddles I prepared
for you today are you confident of your
intellectual abilities then check your
answers at the end of the video 1 let's
start easy you throw a ball as hard as
you can it doesn't bounce off anything
and there's nobody else there but you if
the ball still come straight back into
your hands how can this be you have 10
seconds to give an answer if you throw
the ball straight up it'll eventually
fall back down number 2 warmed up yet
then let's get serious a man is sitting
in his cabin in New York a few hours
later he walks out of this same cabin in
Dallas how is this possible you're 10
seconds start now
[Music]
the man is a pilot sitting in an
airplane cabin did you think it was
carried away by a hurricane hmm I did
three a cow is tied with a 10-foot rope
there's a bale of hay 50 feet away from
it but the animal still easily goes and
eats it how does it do that
10 seconds to decide the Rope is only
tied to the cow and nothing else so it's
free to roam anywhere it pleases number
4 a person leaves home and makes three
left turns then he or she runs back home
and meets two people wearing masks who
are they can you give an answer in 10
seconds
the person is a baseball player and the
two masked people are a catcher and an
umpire five if a sundial has the least
moving parts of any timepiece then which
one has the most a simple question
really so here's your ten seconds and
the answer is an hourglass it has
thousands of grains of sand six parents
have five sons and each son as a sister
how many children do they have count
down from ten started
[Music]
they have six children five sons and one
daughter seven there are only two
barbers in town
one has a neatly cut hair in a clean
workplace well the others hair is wild
and his salon is pretty dirty which one
should you choose to give you a haircut
you're ten seconds please
[Music]
choose the second barber if there were
only two of them in town they might just
give haircuts to each other also the
mess in the second one's workplace might
mean he's too busy serving customers to
clean up eight two trains are crossing a
bridge at the same speed and at the same
time one of them though finishes
crossing it much later than the first
why 10 seconds to think
[Music]
the train that took longer to cross had
more cars attached to it 9 yr 1990
pennies worth more than 1989 pennies 10
seconds as always
[Music]
well for the same reason why ten pennies
are worth more than nine these are not
years but the number of pennies okay
number ten there's a carrot a scarf and
several pieces of coal randomly lying
around a lawn nobody put them there on
purpose so how have they ended up there
tick tock tick tock somebody made a
snowman that melted leaving all these
things behind number 11 a horse was
walking all day long at the end of the
day it turned out that two of her legs
made 31 miles while the other two only
made 30 miles how is this possible
tick tock
[Music]
the horse had been walking in circles so
it's - inner legs made a shorter
distance than the two outer ones number
12 mr. Jenkins doesn't have any
superpowers but he can predict the score
of any football match before it begins
how will 10 seconds be enough for you
this time in fact you could do that kind
of prediction as well the score of any
football match before it begins is zero
zero number 13 a man walks into a
restaurant and the waiter seeing him for
the first time in his life says good
afternoon general how did he know the
man was a general yes in 10 seconds
the man was simply wearing his uniform
ah that was easy number fourteen guess
the next three letters in a sequence GTN
TL the clock is ticking
[Music]
I a s the sequence is made of the first
letters of the sentence 15 how many
times can you subtract 2 from 50 here's
your 10 seconds
only once after that you'd be
subtracting from 4816 jack is talking to
his lawyer in jail they have just lost
the case and are both upset after the
talk Jack leaves the jail and goes home
how is this possible
find the answer in ten seconds
the lawyer was the one in jail while
Jack visited him there it's not always
the other way around 17 now this is a
longer one a king had two twin sons and
couldn't decide which of them to make
his heir finally he told them that he
would leave his kingdom to the one whose
horse rides into the capital last the
brothers wandered outside the city for
days until they met a wise hermit and
asked for his advice he told them
something after which they jumped on the
horses and rode as fast as they could to
the city what did the wise man say think
about it the Hermit was wise indeed
because he told them to switch their
horses number 18 a man lives on the 15th
floor every morning he uses the elevator
to go down from his floor but when he
comes back in the evening he only rides
to the 11th and then takes the stairs
unless it's raining or there are other
people in the elevator why does he walk
those four floors you have 10 seconds to
decide
[Music]
the man is very short and unless he can
ask others to press the button for him
or use his umbrella for the purpose he
just can't reach the button he needs 19
you're walking along the street alone
there are no stars or the moon in the
sky the street lamps aren't working you
don't have any source of light on you
and there's nobody around a silent black
cat tries to cross your path
but somehow you notice it and turn
around to avoid bad luck how did you
spot it there are getting tougher by the
end aren't that this all happened during
a cloudy day after all the sun's also a
star 20 the final one how can you fall
out of a window of a 30-story building
and get up with hardly a scratch if
there's no rescue team holding a net for
you and nobody else is going to help you
the famous ten seconds
[Music]
if you fall out of the first-floor
window you just might get a little
bruised and a bonus question for those
who haven't had enough there are three
doors
[Music]
so have you managed to solve all my
brain teasers if not don't worry too
much about it
they're just riddles after all and you
can always train your brain to become
more flexible so what's your result
let's see if you gave from zero to seven
correct answers I've got some bad news
for you you're pretty poor at solving
unconventional situations try thinking
outside the box and finding unusual
solutions to different problems it'll
help you out in real life too especially
when it comes to business if you've got
8 to 14 answers right good for you
you have pretty solid logical skills and
are capable of lateral thinking you're
probably a person with a sturdy mindset
who is able to both follow the rules and
suggest creative ideas
the golden mean is clearly about you and
that's not a bad thing at all but if you
still would like to improve your
thinking skills feel free to do so
finally if you got from 15 to 20 correct
answers you're pretty much a lateral
genius you see any situation from
different sides and find extraordinary
solutions to any kind of problems you're
also probably a good leader and people
love following you because it's always
exciting to see what comes to your mind
next well done but you won't stop at
this will you a
[Music]
so how many have you done correctly
share your results in the comments hey
if you learn something new today then
give this video a like and share it with
a friend but hey don't go back into your
cabin just yet we have over 2000 cool
videos for you to check out just click
on this left or right video and enjoy
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]